README.md, before:

# DNSSEC Serializing Server 

# Local development

To deploy the server locally, first acquire a TLS certificate using [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert) as follows:

~~~
$ mkcert -key-file key.pem -cert-file cert.pem 127.0.0.1 localhost
~~~

Then build and run the server as follows:

~~~
$ make all
$ CERT=cert.pem KEY=key.pem PORT=4567 ./odoh-server
~~~

By default, the proxy listens on `/proxy` and the target listens on `/dns-query`.

You may then run the [corresponding client](https://github.com/cloudflare/odoh-client-go) as follows:

~~~
$ ./odoh-client odoh --proxy localhost:4567 --target odoh.cloudflare-dns.com --domain cloudflare.com
;; opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: 14306
;; flags: qr rd ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 2, AUTHORITY: 0, ADDITIONAL: 0

;; QUESTION SECTION:
;cloudflare.com.	IN	 AAAA

;; ANSWER SECTION:
cloudflare.com.	271	IN	AAAA	2606:4700::6810:84e5
cloudflare.com.	271	IN	AAAA	2606:4700::6810:85e5
~~~

# Deployment

This section describes deployment instructions for odoh-server-go.

## Preconfigured deployments

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)
[![deploy to Scalingo](https://cdn.scalingo.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://my.scalingo.com/deploy)

## Manual deployment

This server can also be manually deployed on any bare metal machine, or in cloud providers such
as GCP. Instructions for both follow.

### Bare metal

Deployment on bare metal servers, such as [Equinix](https://metal.equinix.com/), can be done following
the instructions below. These steps assume that `git` and `go` are both installed on the metal.

1. Configure a certificate on the metal using [certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/all-instructions).
Once complete, the output should be something like the following, assuming the server domain name
is "example.com":

```
Successfully received certificate.
Certificate is saved at: /etc/letsencrypt/live/example.com/fullchain.pem
Key is saved at:         /etc/letsencrypt/live/example.com/privkey.pem
```

You must configure certbot to renew this certificate periodically. The simplest way to do this is
via a cron job:

```
$ 00 00 1 * 1 certbot renew
```

2. Configure two environment variables to reference these files:

```
$ export CERT=/etc/letsencrypt/live/example.com/fullchain.pem
$ export KEY=/etc/letsencrypt/live/example.com/privkey.pem
```

3. Clone and build the server:

```
$ git clone git@github.com:cloudflare/odoh-server-go.git
$ cd odoh-server-go
$ go build ./...
```

4. Run the server:

```
$ PORT=443 ./odoh-server &
```

This will run the server until completion. You must configure the server to restart should it
terminate prematurely.

### GCP

To deploy, run:

~~~
$ gcloud app deploy proxy.yaml
...
$ gcloud app deploy target.yaml
...
~~~

To check on its status, run:

~~~
$ gcloud app browse
~~~

To stream logs when deployed, run

~~~
$ gcloud app logs tail -s default
~~~

### Reverse proxy

You need to deploy a reverse proxy with a valid TLS server certificate
for clients to be able to authenticate the target or proxy.

The simplest option for this is using [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com).
Caddy will automatically provision a TLS certificate using ACME from [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org).

For instance:

```
caddy reverse-proxy --from https://odoh.example.net:443 --to 127.0.0.1:8080
```

Alternatively, use a Caddyfile similar to:

```
odoh.example.net

reverse_proxy localhost:8080
```
and run `caddy start`.

Commit message:

Integrate UDP, TCP server listeners for beginning benchmarking
Signed-off-by: Sudheesh Singanamalla <sudheesh@cs.washington.edu>

README.md, after:

# DNSSEC Serializing Server 

The server binds onto default ports 8080 (HTTP), 9090 (UDP), 9091 (TCP) and provides the serialized DNS resolver responses to the clients.

Clients can test with the custom validating client or test with default `dig` commands as follows:

```shell
$ dig @127.0.0.1 -p 9090 cloudflare.com A +dnssec # to send a UDP DNS query requiring a serialized DNS proof
$ dig @127.0.0.1 -p 9091 cloudflare.com A +dnssec +tcp # to send a TCP DNS query requiring a serialized DNS proof
```

Please use the validating client to send `ODoH` requests, which are sent to the HTTP server listener and differentiated based on the `Content-Type` header.

# Local development

To deploy the server locally, first acquire a TLS certificate using [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert) as follows:

~~~
$ mkcert -key-file key.pem -cert-file cert.pem 127.0.0.1 localhost
~~~

Then build and run the server as follows:

~~~
$ make all
$ CERT=cert.pem KEY=key.pem PORT=4567 ./odoh-server
~~~

By default, the proxy listens on `/proxy` and the target listens on `/dns-query`.

You may then run the [corresponding client](https://github.com/cloudflare/odoh-client-go) as follows:

~~~
$ ./odoh-client odoh --proxy localhost:4567 --target odoh.cloudflare-dns.com --domain cloudflare.com
;; opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: 14306
;; flags: qr rd ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 2, AUTHORITY: 0, ADDITIONAL: 0

;; QUESTION SECTION:
;cloudflare.com.	IN	 AAAA

;; ANSWER SECTION:
cloudflare.com.	271	IN	AAAA	2606:4700::6810:84e5
cloudflare.com.	271	IN	AAAA	2606:4700::6810:85e5
~~~

# Deployment

This section describes deployment instructions for odoh-server-go.

## Preconfigured deployments

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)
[![deploy to Scalingo](https://cdn.scalingo.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://my.scalingo.com/deploy)

## Manual deployment

This server can also be manually deployed on any bare metal machine, or in cloud providers such
as GCP. Instructions for both follow.

### Bare metal

Deployment on bare metal servers, such as [Equinix](https://metal.equinix.com/), can be done following
the instructions below. These steps assume that `git` and `go` are both installed on the metal.

1. Configure a certificate on the metal using [certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/all-instructions).
Once complete, the output should be something like the following, assuming the server domain name
is "example.com":

```
Successfully received certificate.
Certificate is saved at: /etc/letsencrypt/live/example.com/fullchain.pem
Key is saved at:         /etc/letsencrypt/live/example.com/privkey.pem
```

You must configure certbot to renew this certificate periodically. The simplest way to do this is
via a cron job:

```
$ 00 00 1 * 1 certbot renew
```

2. Configure two environment variables to reference these files:

```
$ export CERT=/etc/letsencrypt/live/example.com/fullchain.pem
$ export KEY=/etc/letsencrypt/live/example.com/privkey.pem
```

3. Clone and build the server:

```
$ git clone git@github.com:cloudflare/odoh-server-go.git
$ cd odoh-server-go
$ go build ./...
```

4. Run the server:

```
$ PORT=443 ./odoh-server &
```

This will run the server until completion. You must configure the server to restart should it
terminate prematurely.

### Reverse proxy

You need to deploy a reverse proxy with a valid TLS server certificate
for clients to be able to authenticate the target or proxy.

The simplest option for this is using [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com).
Caddy will automatically provision a TLS certificate using ACME from [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org).

For instance:

```
caddy reverse-proxy --from https://odoh.example.net:443 --to 127.0.0.1:8080
```

Alternatively, use a Caddyfile similar to:

```
odoh.example.net

reverse_proxy localhost:8080
```
and run `caddy start`.
